README.md, before:

# group-07
WHAT?
Our idea is to create a delivery service. The deliveries will be handled by an autonomously driving car that can be tracked on the customers phone by an application that will be part of our system. 
The application will show the customer:
  1. The current location of the delivery vehicle. 
  2. The delivery route.
  3. The destination i.e. the customers chosen drop of point.
  4. Estimated time of arrival.

WHY?
To make it easier for customers to get deliveries, an autonomous delivery system do not have the constraints that a system using a human driver would have, so deliveries can be made whenever the customer desires. Also making delivery of expensive wares safer, since during transport no human interaction will be necessary other than that of the customer.

HOW?
The basic concept is that we would have a car that is able to interact with a map via GPS: The car could either remote controlled or semi-autonomous in the beginning, but  it would be able to send its information via gps and trace its itinerary on some kind of real map. If we manage to do that, we would then try to make the car as autonomous as possible. The final step would be to be able to select a point on a map and the car would be able to drive to it itself, but the idea is that our project would still hold even if we fail to accomplish that. 
I would also add that the bigger purpose of this idea is to be integrated into some kind of delivery system.

Commit message:

#1 Modify the why section of the README
Changed the why? section of the README to be more specific about which kind of technology we plan on using during the project.

README.md, after:

# group-07
WHAT?
We will create a last-mile delivery service. The deliveries will be handled by an autonomous car that can be tracked on an interface  that will be part of our system. 

The application will show the customer:
  1. The current location of the delivery vehicle. 
  2. The delivery route.
  3. The destination i.e. the customers chosen drop-off point.
  4. Estimated time of arrival.

WHY?
To make it easier for customers to get deliveries, since an autonomous delivery system does not have the constraints that a system using a human driver has, so deliveries can be made whenever the customer desires. Also making delivery of expensive goods  safer since, during transport, no human interaction will be necessary other than that of the customer.

HOW?
We plan on using the following technologies to complete this project: 
- the Arduino IDE and the Smart Car Shield library to control the car
- Sensors to be able to detect obstacles in the car’s path
- Something similar to the GPRS+GPS Quadband Module for Arduino to track the localisation of the car
- Android studio or something similar to create the application that is able to track the localisation of the car.
